What country has the highest life expectancy?
Hong Kong
Where would you be if you were standing on the Spanish Steps?
Rome
Which language has the more native speakers: English or Spanish?
Spanish
What is the most common surname in the United States?
Smith
What disease commonly spread on pirate ships?
Scurvy
Who was the Ancient Greek God of the Sun?
Apollo
What was the name of the crime boss who was head of the feared Chicago Outfit?
Al Capone
What year was the United Nations established?
1945
Who has won the most total Academy Awards?
Walt Disney
What artist has the most streams on Spotify?
Drake
How many minutes are in a full week?
10,080
What car manufacturer had the highest revenue in 2020?
Volkswagen
How many elements are in the periodic table?
118
What is the max length of a TikTok video?
60 seconds
How many faces does a Dodecahedron have?
12
Queen guitarist Brian May is also an expert in what scientific field?
Astrophysics
Aureolin is a shade of what colour?
Yellow
How many ghosts chase Pac-Man at the start of each game?
4
What Renaissance artists is buried in Rome's Parthenon?
Raphael
What shoe brand makes the Mexico 66?
Onitsuka Tiger
What game studio makes the Red Dead Redemption series?
Rockstar Games
Who was the last Tsar of Russia?
Nicholas II
What character has both Robert Downey Jr. and Benedict Cumberbatch played?
Sherlock Holmes
What country drinks the most coffee per capita?
Finland
Which planet in the Milky Way is the hottest?
Venus
What is the 4th letter of the Greek alphabet?
Delta
What sports car company manufactures the 911?
Porsche
What city is known as "The Eternal City"?
Rome
Roald Amundsen was the first man to reach the South Pole, but where was he from?
Norway
What is the highest rated film on IMDb as of January 1st 2022?
The Shawshank Redemption
Who discovered that the earth revolves around the sun?
Nicolaus Copernicus
What company was initially know as "Blue Ribbon Sports"?
Nike
What art form is described as "decorative handwriting or handwritten lettering"?
Calligraphy
Which planet has the most moons?
Saturn
What country has won the most World Cups?
Brazil
Complete the following lyrics - "I should have changed that stupid lock....." I should have made you leave your key
Kratos is the main character of what video game series?
God of War
In what country would you find Mount Kilimanjaro?
Tanzania
What is a group of pandas known as?
An embarrassment
What European country experienced the highest rate of population decline from 2015 - 2020?
Lithuania
How many bones do we have in an ear?
3
Wha famously crossed the Alps with elephants on the way to a war the Romans?
Hannibal
True or False: Halloween originated as an ancient Irish festival. 
True
What Netflix show had the most streaming views in 2021?
Squid Game
Which grammy-nominated New York rapper died in April of 2021?
DMX
What software company is headquartered in Redmond, Washington?
Microsoft
What is the largest Spanish speaking city in the world?
Mexico City
What is the world's fastest bird?
The Peregrine Falcon
In what country is the Chernobyl nuclear plant located?
Ukraine
The Parthenon Marbles are controversially located in what museum?
The British Museum
Who won the emu war?
Emus
What happened when the wheel was invented?
It caused a revolution
What can you hold without touching it at all?
A conversation
What has a head, a tail, but does not have a body?
A coin
I am an odd number. Take away one letter and I become even. What number am I?
Seven (take away the ‘s’ and it becomes ‘even’)
Who is bigger, Mr. Bigger, Mrs. Bigger, or their baby?
The baby, since he is a little Bigger.
I’m light as a feather, but not even the strongest girl can hold me for more than 5 minutes. What am I?
Breath
If you sit a cup on the table facing south while you are on the north side of the table, on which side is the cup’s handle?
No matter which way the cup is turned, the handle is always on the outside
Two mothers and two daughters went out to eat, everyone ate one slice of pizza, yet only three slices were eaten. How’s that possible?
The group included a grandmother, her daughter and her daughter’s daughter.
A man lives on the 100th floor of an apartment building. On rainy days he rides the elevator all the way up. However, on sunny days, he goes half way and takes the stairs the rest of the way. Why?
The man is short and can only reach the button for the 50th floor on the elevator. On rainy days, he uses his umbrella handle.
What 5-letter word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it?
Short
A man dressed in all black is walking down a country lane. Suddenly, a large black car with no lights on comes around the corner and screeches to a halt. How did the car’s driver know he was there?
It was day time
Can you name three consecutive days without using the words Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday?
Yesterday, today, and tomorrow
Robert, my neighbor, a forty-five-year-old blacksmith is seven feet tall, and eats all day long. What does he weigh?
Iron
What gets sharper the more you use it?
Your brain
There are three important rooms in a house. The first one is filled with money. The second one is filled with important papers. The third one is filled with jewelry. One day all of these rooms burst into fire. Which room did the policemen put out the fire in first?
None
What can you make that no one—not even you—can see?
Noise
66. Why are 1968 pennies worth more than 1967 pennies?
Because there is one more penny in 1968 pennies than in 1967 pennies
What belongs to you but gets used by everyone else more than you?
Your name
There are eight men sitting on a couch. Three legs break and six men leave. How many legs are remaining?
Five
You are driving a bus. When you begin your route, there is an old woman named Mrs. Smith and a young boy named Raymond are on the bus. At the first stop, the old woman leaves, and a salesman, named Ed, enters. At the next stop, Jack and his sister Jill get on, as well as three women with shopping bags. The bus travels fifteen minutes, then stops and Raymond gets off and a man and his wife get on. Next, a woman with a bird in a cage gets on the bus. What is the name of the bus driver?
you
What occurs once in a minute, twice in a moment, and never in one thousand years?
The letter M
What is the maximum number of times a single page of a newspaper can be folded in half by hand?
Once
I’m so fragile that if you say my name, you’ll break me. What am I?
Silence
On a Sunday morning, the oldest girl in a family was murdered. The father was reading the paper, the mother was in the kitchen cooking breakfast, and the girl’s brother was playing video games. Uncle George was visiting and was out getting the mail. Who murdered the girl?
Uncle George
What’s full of holes but can still hold liquid?
A sponge
What two words, when combined, hold the most letters?
Post Office
If a monkey, a squirrel, and a bird are racing to the top of a coconut tree, who will get the banana first?
No one
I have teeth but can’t eat. What am I?
A comb
First you throw away my outside and cook the inside. Then you eat my outside and throw away my inside. What am I?
Corn on the cob
If ten birds are sitting in a tree and a hunter shoots one, how many birds are left in the tree?
None
A river
What has 4 wheels and flies?
A garbage truck
What bird can lift the most weight?
A crane
Why did the woman run around her bed at night?
To catch up on her sleep
What goes up as soon as the rain comes down?
An umbrella
How much dirt is there in a hole that is 3 feet deep, 6 feet long, and 4 feet wide?
None, because a hole does not have any dirt inside
The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I? 
Footprints
How many legs does an elephant have if you count his trunk as a leg?
Four, because calling the elephant’s trunk a leg does not make it one.
I have all the knowledge you have. But I’m so small, you can hold me in your fist. What am I?
Your brain
How many animals did Moses take into the ark?
None because it was Noah who built and loaded the ark
What has three feet but can’t walk?
A yardstick
If a rooster lays an egg on top of the barn roof, which way will it roll?
It will not roll, because roosters do not lay eggs
If two’s company and three’s a crowd, what do four and five make?
Nine
How can you lift an elephant with one hand?
You cannot, because you will never find an elephant with one hand
What travels the world while stuck in one spot?
A stamp
Name four days of the week that start with the letter “t”?
Tuesday, Thursday, today, and tomorrow
Which room has no walls?
A mushroom
What has four eyes but can’t see?
Mississippi
Where is an ocean with no water?
A map
What’s as big as an elephant but weighs absolutely nothing?
Its shadow
How can a door be not a door?
When it’s a jar