The father of History:
Herodotus
The period of unrecorded history is known as:
Pre Historic Age
The Chinese ruler who built the Great Wall of China:
Qin Shi Huang
The dynasty which ruled China for nearly 400 years?
Han
A religious leader and philosopher who lived in China about 500 BC:
Confucius
The ancient people who invented Seismograph?
The Chinese
most powerful leader in Persia in the 6lh century BC:
CyrusThe founder of the religion Zoroastrianism:
Zoroaster
The God of the Parsees was called:
Ahura Mazda
The most famous Greek poet:
Homer
The most important Epics of the Greeks:
The Iliad and the Odyssey
What were the two most important city states in ancientGreece?
Athens and Sparta
What is meant by oligarchy?
The rule by a few rich men
The most famous ruler of ancient Athens:
Pericles
The great Greek woman who sang on the beauty of love and nature:
Sappho
A great lyric poet who wrote poems to honour the victorious Greek athletes?
Pindar
The founder of tragedy dramas:
Aeschylus
The greatest of the Greek tragedians:
Sophocles
The most famous philosophers of ancient Greece:
Socrates, Plato and Aristotle
The most famous student of Socrates:
Plato
Herophilos
Who calculated the circumference of the earth?
Eratosthenes
The best example of Greek architecture:
Athena Parthenos
The best known sculptors of ancient Greece:
Myron & Phidias
The founders of Republicanism:
The Romans
The legendary hero of Troy:
Aeneas
The most famous ancient Roman orator:
Cicero
The philosopher Emperor of Rome:
Marcus Aurelius
Who wrote a treatise that contained information on surgery?
Celsus
The capital of ancient Hebrews:
Jerusalem
The holy city to Judaism, Christianity and Islam:
Jerusalem
The basic doctrine of Judaism is the belief in one God known as:
Jehovah
Who came to be known as the great Messiah?
Jesus
The Roman Governor of Palestine who sentenced Jesus to death on cross?
Pontius Pilate
The place where Muhammad, the last prophet of Islam, was born?
Mecca in Arabia
The wife of Muhammad is known by name:
Khadījah
The more prominent of early cultures in south America:
The Chavín culture
The language of the Aztecs:
Nahuatl
Who were the savage type of people who built artificial islands in the lake of Mexico?
The Aztecs
What was the name given to the floating gardens made by the Aztecs?
Chinampas
The most important leader of the Mongols:
Genghis Khan
The countries where the civilization of the Incas flourished?
Equator, Peru, Chile
One of the largest buildings of the Incas:
Temple of the Sun in Cusco
The capital of the Inca empire:
Cusco
One of the Inca cities which was situated at a height of nearly 3500 metres?
Machu Picchu
The most famous king of Mali in Africa:
Musa I of Mali
The Moroccan scholar who lived in the middle of the 14th century?
Ibn Battuta
What is ‘Swahili’?
Swahili is an Arabic word that means ‘of the coast’
What does the word Barbarian mean?
Uncivilized
Who was known as the father of English Poetry?
Geoffrey Chaucer
What are the two famous universities in England?
Oxford and Cambridge
The number of labourers worked for the construction of the greatest pyramid, Khufu:
3,00,000 men worked for 20 years to complete the work
The Persian ruler who occupied the North Western Part of India in the 6th century BC?
Darius I
The Arab centre of veneration in Mecca:
Kaaba
What was the name given to the oldest art flower arrangement of the Japanese?
Ikebana
What names were given to the political parties in England in olden days?
Whigs and Tories
Which is the coldest place in the world?
Vostok (Antar
“The Queen of Mediterranean Sea”:
Carthage
The historic Commander-in-Chief of Carthage in the punic wars:
Hannibal
The year in which Julius Caesar was murdered by Brutus:
BC
Who became the Head of Rome after the assassination of Julius Caesar?
Octavian
The Egyptian beauty Queen who fell in love with Mark Antony:
Cleopatra
“The Book of Kings” was written by whom?
Ferdowsi
A treatise on small-pox and measles was written by:
Muhammad ibn Zakariya al-Raz
Which country came to be called “the nest of singing birds”?
England
Who said the following famous words “I Came, I Saw, I Conquered’?
Julius Caesar
The reigning period of Julius Caesar:
100 BC to 44 BC
For what are the caves of Lascaux in France famous?
Prehistoric cave paintings
He was King of the Huns from Asia who defeated the Roman Emperor Theodosius and entered Gaul – but was defeated in AD 451 near Châlons-sur-Marne Who was he?
Attila
Complete the sequence of Roman Emperors; Augustus, Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius, _____Who?
Nero
Which Roman Emperor issued the Edict of Milan and ended the persecution of Christians He probably, in later life became a Christian himself?
Emperor Constantine
In 334 BC he began a march which extended the Greek Empire from Egypt to India Who was he?
Alexander the Great
The Romans who invaded what is now called Scotland in AD 80 called the people Picts What did they call the country?
Caledonia
Emperor Claudius was responsible for the subjugation of Britain, Who led the Britain’s and was defeated by Claudius at the battle of the Midway in AD 43 was captured and later freed in Rome?
Caratacus
Rome was the capital of the Roman Empire Of what ancient empire was Persepolis, the ceremonial centre?
The Persian Empire
Although the Inca civilization created a vast empire in Peru, they lacked basic skills and knowledge without which European civilization could not have advanced Two of these were writing and the use of iron What notable invention was also unknown to the Incas?
The wheel
What sea was referred to as “Mare Nostrum” by the Romans?
The Mediterranean
To whom is attributed the construction of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon?
Nebuchadnezzar II
Who was the Roman gladiator who headed the third revolt of slaves against Rome in 73-71 BC? He was eventually killed?
Spartacus
Mesopotamia was the region where one of the world’s oldest civilizations flourished What was the script used by the ancient Mesopotamians?
Cuneiform
One of the seven wonders of ancient world was situated in Egypt Name that monument:
Pyramid
On account of the widespread damage caused by annual floods, one of the major rivers in China is often called “China’s sorrow” Name that river:
Huang He
Among all the ancient civilizations, the Egyptian civilization was considered to be the most advanced one What was the title assumed by their kings?
Pharaoh
According to the Greek Legends the ancient Olympic Games were organised to worship one particular god Who was that God?
Zeus
Which country will always be in the front line of Olympic march past?
Greece
Unable to bear up the opposition of his enemies, prophet Muhammad fled from Mecca to Medina What is this event known as?
Hijra
What was built from the Tyne to the solway in AD 122-126 as the northern border of Roman Britain?
Hadrian’s Wall
Which Italian city was buried, along with Herculaneum, when Vesuvius erupted in AD 79?
Pompeii
The Neanderthal men lived in the:
Paleolithic age
Neandertal Valley is in:
Germany
Which was-the dwelling place of the Neanderthal men?
Caves
Cro-Magnon is in:
France
What was the chief occupation of the old stone age men?
Food gathering
The only South East Asian country never taken over by a European power:
Thailand
The first human type lived in the old stone age is called:
Neanderthal
The second stage in human development is the:
Cro-Magnon period
New stone age is also called:
Neolithic
The early man domesticated animals for the purpose of:
Agriculture
Copper was the first metal discovered and used Which was the first country to use it?
Egypt
The period in which bronze was discovered and used for making implements is known as:
Bronze Age