What does a funambulist walk on?
A Tight Rope
Area 51 is located in which US state?
Nevada
On a dartboard, what number is directly opposite No. 1?
19
Which American president appears on a one-dollar bill?
George Washington
What geometric shape is generally used for stop signs?
Octagon
How many colors are there in a rainbow?
7
TRUE OR FALSE - A scientific study on peanuts in bars found traces of over 100 unique specimens of urine.
FALSE
What is the nickname of the US state of California?
Golden State
TRUE OR FALSE - The color orange is named after the fruit.
TRUE
TRUE OR FALSE -  On average, at least 1 person is killed by a drunk driver in the United States every hour.
TRUE
TRUE OR FALSE - In 2010, Twitter and the United States Library of Congress partnered together to archive every tweet by American citizens.
TRUE
Who is depicted on the US hundred-dollar bill?
Benjamin Franklin
TRUE OR FALSE - The Lego Group was founded in 1932.
TRUE
What is the name of Poland in Polish?
Polska
Which restaurant's mascot is a clown?
McDonald's
What colour is the "Ex" in FedEx Ground?
Green
TRUE OR FALSE - Dihydrogen Monoxide was banned due to health risks after being discovered in 1983 inside swimming pools and drinking water.
FALSE
The likeness of which president is featured on the rare $2 bill of USA currency?
Thomas Jefferson
What is Cynophobia the fear of?
Dogs
TRUE OR FALSE - Vietnam's national flag is a red star in front of a yellow background.
FALSE
The Flag of the European Union has how many stars on it?
12
TRUE OR FALSE - A pasodoble is a type of Italian pasta sauce.
FALSE
When one is "envious", they are said to be what color?
Green
Who is the author of Jurrasic Park?
Michael Crichton
What item is the werewolf most afraid of?
Silver
What is the world's most expensive spice by weight?
Saffron
TRUE OR FALSE - The US emergency hotline is 911 because of the September 11th terrorist attacks.
FALSE
What does the "G" mean in "G-Man"?
Government
TRUE OR FALSE - The sum of all the numbers on a roulette wheel is 666.
TRUE
TRUE OR FALSE - There are 86400 seconds in a day.
TRUE
What is a "dakimakura"?
A body pillow
TRUE OR FALSE - An eggplant is a vegetable.
FALSE
What is the unit of currency in Laos?
Kip
What alcoholic drink is mainly made from juniper berries?
Gin
Which Italian automobile manufacturer gained majority control of U.S. automobile manufacturer Chrysler in 2011?
Fiat
What is the last letter of the Greek alphabet?
Omega
In what year was McDonald's founded?
1955
What was Mountain Dew's original slogan?
Yahoo! Mountain Dew... It'll tickle your innards!
What was the soft drink Pepsi originally introduced as?
Brad's Drink
What is the Portuguese word for "Brazil"?
Brasil
When did the website "Facebook" launch?
2004
TRUE OR FALSE - "Santa Claus" is a variety of melon.
TRUE
What was the original name of the search engine "Google"?
BackRub
Where did the pineapple plant originate?
South America
Which country has the most Trappist breweries?
Belgium
What is the currency of Poland?
Złoty
TRUE OR FALSE - The British organization CAMRA stands for The Campaign for Real Ale.
TRUE
TRUE OR FALSE - "Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo." is a grammatically correct sentence.
TRUE
Electronic music producer Kygo's popularity skyrocketed after a certain remix. Which song did he remix?
Ed Sheeran - I See Fire
What type of dog is 'Handsome Dan', the mascot of Yale University?
Bulldog
What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
24 MPH
Before the 19th Century, the "Living Room" was originally called the...
Parlor
What year was Queen Elizabeth II born?
1926
What is the romanized Arabic word for "moon"?
Qamar
Which musician has collaborated with American producer Porter Robinson and released the 2016 song "Shelter"?
Madeon
Which of the following languages does NOT use gender as a part of its grammar?
Turkish
What year was the RoboSapien toy robot released?
2004
According to Fair Works Australia, how long do you have to work to get Long Service Leave?
7 years
TRUE OR FALSE - Stagecoach owned "South West Trains" before losing the rights to FirstGroup and MTR in March of 2017.
TRUE
Virtual reality company Oculus VR lost which of it's co-founders in a freak car accident in 2013?
Andrew Scott Reisse
TRUE OR FALSE - Spoon theory is a theory, utilizing "Spoons" as a metaphor for energy they can use in a day.
TRUE
In flight systems, what does the initialism "TCAS" stand for?
Traffic Collision Avoidance System
If someone said "you are olid", what would they mean?
You smell extremely unpleasant.
Named after the mallow flower, mauve is a shade of what?
Purple
Chartreuse is a color between yellow and what?
Green
Nephelococcygia is the practice of doing what?
Finding shapes in clouds
If you planted the seeds of Quercus robur, what would grow?
Trees
How many notes are there on a standard grand piano?
88