What is the name of the famous Greek physician who was known to be the first to keep historical medical records of his patients?
Hippocrates
What is both the largest and heaviest solid internal organ in the human body?
Liver
Why do Flamingos turn pink?
canthaxanthin
Which two elements on the periodic table remain liquid at room temperature?
Bromine and Mercury
According to NASA, what mass percentage does the Sun take up in the Solar System?
99.8%
What is, by far, the fastest identified fish found in the Ocean?
Sailfish
Into how many time zones is the world longitudinally divided?
24
How many Earth days does it take to complete one day in Venus?
243
What system in your body informs the brain of your position in space?
Vestibular System
Which part of the body is affected with Bright’s Disease?
Kidney
Which animal has fingerprints that closely resemble a human’s fingerprints?
Koala
What is the name of the lunar phase that illuminates less than a full moon but more than a half-moon?
Gibbous phase
What are the two units of measurement used to quantify radioactivity?
curie (Ci) and becquerel (Bq)
What do you call the immediate conversion of solid matter to gas without having to pass through the liquid state?
Sublimation
What wind speed rate indicates that a tropical storm is turning into a hurricane?
74 mph
What type of bond involves the mutual sharing of one or more electron pairs between two atoms?
Covalent Bond
Where are the longest and strongest bones in the body located?
Thigh
What do you call the sticky knob at the top of the pistil?
Stigma
What is the name of the first man to see and discover bacteria?
Antonie van Leeuwenhoek
What salivary enzyme helps digest carbohydrates in the mouth?
Amylase
What do you call the substance that does not conduct heat?
Insulator or Semiconductor
What country experiences the most tsunamis?
Indonesia
What is currently considered the leading scientific explanation of how the universe began?
The Big Bang Theory
Where can you find Olympus Mons?
Mars
How long does it take for the light from the Sun to reach the Earth?
8 minutes and 20 seconds
Which planet was first discovered using the telescope?
Uranus
What is known as the fastest land snake on the ground and based on strike speed?
Black Mamba
Where can you locate the smallest bone in the human body?
Middle Ear
What is currently known as the smallest country in the world?
Vatican City
How many bones can you find in a shark?
Zero