What’s the diameter of a basketball hoop in inches?
18 inches
The Olympics are held every how many years?
4 years
What sport is best known as the ‘king of sports’?
Soccer
What do you call it when a bowler makes three strikes in a row?
Turkey
What’s the national sport of Canada?
Lacrosse
How many dimples does an average golf ball have?
336
What country has competed the most times in the Summer Olympics yet hasn’t won a gold medal?
The Philippines
The classic 1980 movie called Raging Bull is about which real-life boxer?
Jake LaMotta
The Triple Crown award is given to a horse that wins which three races?
The Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes, and Belmont Stakes
In the 1971 Olympics, Nadia Comaneci was the first gymnast to score a perfect score What country was she representing?
Romania
Who has won more tennis grand slam titles, Venus Williams or Serena Williams?
Serena Williams
What country has competed the most times in the Summer Olympics yet hasn’t won any kind of medal?
Liechtenstein
Which boxer fought against Muhammad Ali and won?
Joe Frazier
Which golf tournament did Tiger Woods win by 12 strokes cementing his first-ever major championship win?
The Masters
How many medals did China win at the Beijing Olympics?
100
What does NBA stand for?
National Basketball Association
In motor racing, what color is the flag they wave to indicate the winner?
Checkered flag
How many holes are played in an average round of golf?
18
What color are the goalposts in football?
Yellow
How long is a marathon?
262 miles
In what game is “love” a score?
Tennis
What sport is a lot like softball?
Baseball
In meters, how big is an Olympic-sized swimming pool?
50 meters long and 25 meters wide
In football, how many points does a touchdown hold?
6
How many players are on a baseball team?
9 players
In soccer, what body part can’t touch the ball?
Hands
What sporting equipment is used for striking a tennis ball?
Tennis racquet
Which sport uses a net, a racket, and a shuttlecock?
Badminton
Which of the following sports does not use a ball? Golf, tennis, hockey, or polo?
Hockey
What type of race is the Tour de France?
Bicycle race